[TASK] Rename Setup in "First project setup" (#453)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Tutorial-GettingStarted: Documentation/Installation/Install.rst

Next steps
----------

> Now that installation is complete, TYPO3 can be :ref:`configured <first-project-setup>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that installation is complete, you can setup your :ref:`first basic project <first-project-setup>`.
```
